Bardia Ahmadi Dafchahi
CS212

Some helpful tips on Vim:


	1. the command to save -- :w
	2. the command to exit -- :q
	3. press "g CTRL-g" to see useful info
	4. press I when in command mode to enter insert mode
	5. press "cc" in command mode to cut a line
	6. press "p" in commnad mode to paste
	7. press "dd" in commnad mode to delete a line
	8. "u" for undo and ":undo" for undo
	9. "$" to jump to the end of the line and "0" for the start of the line
	10. the command /<text> to search for text
	11. to see the line numbers run the command :set number
	12. the command :line_number to go to line_number
	13. to set the line numbers relative to your current line run :set relativenumber
	14. use :set nocompatible to fix the issue with keybaord on vim when using vi to open vim
	
	and last but not least:
	15. press o in command mode to insert a new line

and as for the essay:

There are a lot of things that I don't know about c but I know a good portion of the syntaxes
and how to make functions and structures and how to make pointers, but I have yet to understand how
they actually work which brings me to my next point of what I would love to learn in the furutre.

I really hope to get to know more about the essentials of operating systems like how they work and
maybe how to even modify one like this one that I'm using right now. And of course when doing so,
it is going to take a long time, so I would have to make that when I recognize all my routines, 
find a solution that makes it more efficient and make modifications such that it makes me more time
efficient.

In fact, the c programming language is not the only thing that I like to learn more about; data
structures and problem solving skills are things that I would like to improve, but I know that it
would take a long time, so rather in just this course, it should be my focus through out different
classes 

Not only that I want to use my CS skill in the field in a future job, I want to utilize the problem
solving skills that I've accumilated and use it to solve other problems in my life. 

